Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank. She had nothing to do. Once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading. But it had no pictures or conversations in it. "What is the use of a book," thought Alice, "without pictures or conversation?"

Suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her. There was nothing so very remarkable in that. Nor did Alice think it so very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, "Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!" The Rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket, and looked at it, and then hurried on. Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it. Burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.

Alice went down after it, never once considering how in the world she was to get out again. The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then dipped suddenly down. Alice found herself falling down what seemed to be a very deep well. Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what was going to happen next.

Down, down, down. Would the fall never come to an end? "I wonder how many miles I've fallen by this time?" she said aloud. "I must be getting somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would be four thousand miles down, I think—" (for, you see, Alice had learnt several things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and though this was not a very good opportunity for showing off her knowledge, as there was no one to listen to her, still it was good practice to say it over).

---

The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. The rain in Spain stays mainly in the plain. She sells seashells by the seashore. Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?

Artificial intelligence is transforming the world. Markov chains are used for text generation. Python is a popular programming language. Streamlit makes it easy to build web apps. Data science combines statistics and programming to extract insights from data.
